Add binary scanner license to docs (#1595)
OpenLiberty/ci.maven: README.md

| [create](docs/create.md#create) | Create a Liberty server. |
| [debug](docs/debug.md#debug) | Start a Liberty server in debug mode. |
| [deploy](docs/deploy.md#deploy) | Copy applications to the Liberty server's dropins or apps directory. If the server instance is running, it will also verify the applications started successfully. |
| [dev](docs/dev.md#dev) | Start a Liberty server in dev mode.* |
| [devc](docs/dev.md#devc-container-mode) | Start a Liberty server in dev mode in a container.* |
| [display-url](docs/display-url.md#display-url) | Display the application URL in the default browser. |
| [dump](docs/dump.md#dump) | Dump diagnostic information from the server into an archive. |

> | [generate-features](docs/generate-features.md#generate-feature) | Scan the class files of an application and create a Liberty configuration file in the source configuration directory containing the Liberty features the application requires.* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [generate-features](docs/generate-features.md#generate-feature) | Scan the class files of an application and create a Liberty configuration file in the source configuration directory that contains the Liberty features that the application requires.* |
```

> | [generate-features](docs/generate-features.md#generate-feature) | Scan the class files of an application and create a Liberty configuration file in the source configuration directory that contains the Liberty features that the application requires.* |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [generate-features](docs/generate-features.md#generate-feature) | Scan the class files of an application and create a Liberty configuration file in the source configuration directory that contains the Liberty features the application requires.* |
```

| [undeploy](docs/undeploy.md#undeploy) | Undeploy an application to a Liberty server. The server instance must exist and must be running. |
| [uninstall-feature](docs/uninstall-feature.md#uninstall-feature) | Uninstall a feature from the Liberty runtime. |

> *The `dev`, `devc`, and `generate-features` goals have a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under ILAN. Link to license: https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*The `dev`, `devc`, and `generate-features` goals have a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under IBM License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs. See license [here](https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt).
```

> *The `dev`, `devc`, and `generate-features` goals have a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under ILAN. Link to license: https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt/en.html   

Reviewer: is this URL really where we want to send people for MT? It's a static copy of the license. Seems like a strange jump off point to obtain MT if the user doesn't already have it. Yes they need to be aware of license terms but this information is more aligned with legal terms than user experience. I realize we might be obligated to share the license info in this format, in which case disregard this comment. But if not, I wonder if there is a more user-friendly resource we could include here.

> Note: `dev` and `devc` only have this dependency when the auto-generation of features functionality is turned on (off by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:  The `dev` and `devc` goals have this dependency only when the auto-generation of features function is turned on. By default, auto-generation of features is turned off.
```
